I personally felt that the AI generated work was pretty shallow and not very in-depth. It seemed to do the bare minimum of what it was asked, though it is likely just paywalling me as if I paid money for their premium version I would get a better result. If I did in fact use AI to do my assignment I would be entirely unable to explain anything contained within my code as I learn as I try to breakdown a problem and understand it. If I didn't do any actual work (other than write a prompt, which can hardly be called work), then I learn nothing and by extension gain nothing. My skills stagnate and for what? To save extra time? Of course even if the output is meaningless in the scheme of things neither me nor the AI would "own" the outputted work as AI fundamentally is just stealing and often is pretty bad at hiding its attempts. However, it is not mine either as I didn't do anything to warrant any ownership over the work. 

All in all, I feel proud in my work as I had to really try and figure out what on earth I was doing to get the result and went through many phases where I simply had to delete an entire section and rework it because I found an easier way of doing something. Case in point is the button in the index.html where I was using some backwards method of making a button before when instead there was this simple way of doing it. This allowed me to clear a lot of clutter in my code and also understand what I was doing better as I didn't have 3 nested divs all named the same thing and me not having any idea which one actually does anything.